# Concept

Lobster executes projects, specified in a configuration file, containing
several workflows.  These workflows are broken down into tasks by a
`TaskProvider` (to be renamed), and executed on workers via Work Queue.

Optional, CMS specific component that should be pluggable include:
dashboard monitoring, `cmsRun` support, sandboxing.

# Coding conventions

The code should ideally adhere to python's pep-8.  Install `flake8` and run
```
flake8 --exclude=.git,docs .
```
from the top source directory to see offending code fragments. Travis will
run a `flake8` check on all pull requests.

## Naming conventions

Variable and method names should be all lowercase, with underscores between
words.  Class names should be CamelCased.

## Version increments

When changing Lobster in a way that makes existing work directories
incompatible with the current git master, the version number in `setup.py`
should be increased.  Lobster will then refuse to resume old working
directories, and the user can install a legacy version as a work around.

## Documentation

It is suggested to document classes in the
[NumPy/SciPy style](https://github.com/numpy/numpy/blob/master/doc/HOWTO_DOCUMENT.rst.txt).
The documentation will be autogenerated from the master branch and is
available on [ReadTheDocs](https://lobster.readthedocs.io).

# Testing

Lobster uses `nose` to run unit tests, which can be found in the `test`
directory.  It should be automatically installed as a python dependency.
Some behavior can be tested with

    nosetests
    nosetests test/test_se.py:TestHadoopPermissions

where the latter executes one specific test case.

# Git Development

Lobster development should follow a style similar to the [github
workflow](http://scottchacon.com/2011/08/31/github-flow.html).  That is:

* the master branch is always stable
* development occurs in branches
* branches are merged via PRs
* PRs should be used for review and discussion
* minor fixes can be direct commits to the master

Git commit messages should be at least one comprehensive, short summary
line, optionally followed by one or more explanitory paragraphs, separated
from the summary by an empty line:

    Implement telepathic stageout and dashboard reporting.

    Done via [brain](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_brain).  Required
    re-write of foo.py and bar.py.  Fixes #-1.

Non-descriptive summaries such as `Changed spam.py` should be avoided.
See [here](http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/) for a nice discussion on
the topic.
